.\" Manpage for todo.
.\" Contact parth.kolekar@students.iiit.ac.in to correct errors or typos.
.TH todo 1 "September 2014" "1.0" 

.SH NAME
todo - todo || !todo

.SH SYNOPSIS
todo [all]
.br
todo list [all]
.br
todo add [<string>]
.br
todo <number> [remove | delete]
.br
todo <number> [list]
.br
todo <number> [done | undone]
.br
todo <number> [change | modify | edit] [<string>]
.br
todo [backup | restore]
.br
todo cleanup
.br
todo clear
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
This app can be described as a simple todo app for the linux terminal.
.br
Main advantages of this app is that it is fast, lightweight and you don't have to touch your mouse to update or view all your TODO(s).
.br

.SH OPTIONS
all - Batch over all tasks.
.br
list - List all. Prints Nothing when there is no task.
.br
add [ <string> ] - Adds task with entered data.
.br
<number> [ remove | delete ] - Applies selected operations task <number>.
.br
<number> [ list ] - Lists task <number>
.br
<number> [ done | undone ] - Marks task <number>.
.br
<number> [ change | modify | edit ] [ <string> ] - Updated task <number> with data <string>
.br
cleanup - Removes all the done tasks.
.br
clear -	Removes all the tasks.
.br
backup - It creates the backup of the current todo file in the ./todo.backup
.br
restore - It restores the ./todo.backup to the home todo file. It also accepts commandline arguments to a valid todo file.
.br
help - Displays a Short Help message.
.br

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.br
For bug reporting found, report at https://github.com/krishna0512/todo/.

.SH AUTHOR
kt.krishnatulsyan@gmail.com - Krishna | [Parth] | [Ghossh]

